DBZ-1038 Kafka docker image - support for topic cleanup policy (#110)
debezium/docker-images: kafka/0.9/README.md

### `CREATE_TOPICS`

> This environment variable is optional. Use this to specify the topics that should be created as soon as the broker starts. The value should be a comma-separated list of topics, partitions, and replicas. For example, when this environment variable is set to `topic1:1:2,topic2:3:1:compact`, then the container will create 'topic1' with 1 partition and 2 replicas, and 'topic2' with 3 partitions, 1 replica and `cleanup.policy` set to compact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This environment variable is optional. Use this to specify the topic(s) that should be created as soon as the broker starts. The value should be a comma-separated list of tuples in the form of `topic:partitions:replicas:(clean-up policy)?`. For example, when this environment variable is set to `topic1:1:2,topic2:3:1:compact`, then the container will create 'topic1' with 1 partition and 2 replicas, and 'topic2' with 3 partitions, 1 replica and `cleanup.policy` set to `compact`.
```
